fix: update README.md to provide an overview of the @filoz/synapse-core package and its utilities (#773)
FilOzone/synapse-sdk: packages/synapse-core/README.md

## Overview

> `@filoz/synapse-core` is the low-level protocol package for building on Filecoin Onchain Cloud. It provides typed, composable JavaScript and TypeScript utilities for talking directly to FOC smart contracts, storage provider HTTP APIs, EIP-712 signing flows, and Filecoin-specific data formats.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`@filoz/synapse-core` is the low-level protocol package for building on Filecoin Onchain Cloud. It provides typed, composable JavaScript and TypeScript utilities for directly using FOC smart contracts, storage provider HTTP APIs, EIP-712 signing flows, and Filecoin-specific data formats.
```

(you don't talk to all of these)
